\" lambda-term-inputrc.5
\" ---------------------
\" Copyright : (c) 2011, Jeremie Dimino <jeremie@dimino.org>
\" Licence   : BSD3
\"
\" This file is a part of Lambda-Term.

.TH LAMBDA-TERM-INPUTRC 5 "August 2011"

.SH NAME
lambda-term-inputrc \- Key bindings for lambda-term applications

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ~/.config/lambda-term-inputrc

.SH DESCRIPTION

This manual page describes the format of the
.I ~/.config/lambda-term-inputrc
file. This file is a text file which associates editing actions to key
sequences. Comments start with a '#' character and empty lines are
ignored.

Bindings are of the form:

        <key-sequence>: <actions>

Where
.I <key-sequence>
is a sequence of keys in the emacs format. For example Control+w is
written "C-w", Control+Meta+x followed by "e" is written "C-M-x e".
.I <actions>
is a list of editing actions separeted by commas. The list of all
available actions with a short description can be obtained by running
the command
.BR lambda-term-actions (1)
in a terminal.

The file is divided in two section, the
.B [edit]
section and the
.B [read-line]
section. The first one is for key bindings that apply everyhere and
the second for key bindings that apply only in read-line.

Here is an example of bindings:

        [read-line]
        C-w: kill-prev-word
        M-!: play-macro

In addition to letters and symbols the following keys can be used:

        * enter
        * escape
        * tab
        * up
        * down
        * left
        * right
        * f1
        * f2
        * f3
        * f4
        * f5
        * f6
        * f7
        * f8
        * f9
        * f10
        * f11
        * f12
        * next
        * prev
        * home
        * end
        * insert
        * delete
        * backspace

Note that lambda-term accept only ascii characters in the
configuration file, to use other unicode character you must use the
notation
.I U+<code>
where
.I <code>
is the code of the character in hexadecimal.

.SH FILES
.I ~/.config/lambda-term-inputrc

.SH EXAMPLE
[edit]

C-e: play-macro

[read-line]

C-left: complete-bar-prev

C-right: complete-bar-next

.SH AUTHOR
Jérémie Dimino <jeremie@dimino.org>

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lambda-term-actions (1).
